hello
anyone home it's great to see you
hi oh you look great thank you
pallet you look um you look well
yourself
uh and this house is so untidy and
so dusty i know
let's give this place a good clean the
others will be here in a minute
let's get started straight away
[Music]
right before you know it we'll have
cleaned and tidied everything
you haven't changed and cleaning dust
and tidying
it's just like when we were at
university can't you think of anything
else oh look who's talking
always strumming away on your guitar
come on paulo don't be lazy
oh come on let's get started
surprise of romeo
wonderful all together again just like
the old days
okay guys watch how we do i want to have
lots of fun
so do i come on michelle let's go for a
long walk all the way down to the lake
stop where you are where are you two
going
come on paulo pick up that brush again
and michelle please can you pick up your
bag
and that frightful hat joke captain
come on michelle stop playing around and
give us a hand
oh
oh this detergent is made by syntax
the american multinational that makes
household cleaning products
i refuse to use this product you know i
hate multinationals
but it's just all detergents made by
multinationals
how are you supposed to clean a house if
you refuse to use them
you guess right i never do any cleaning
my flatmates look after that
oh i see so you arranged to have your
flat cleaned
michelle you're just like paulo look
what a mess this house is in
if it weren't for us if it weren't for
you
i'd be chill i'll pay my guitar none of
your forced
labor i see we spend most of the time of
this holiday cleaning
and i started to wonder if this holiday
may have been a mistake
come on paulo stop complaining you'll be
happy to see this place all
and span sandra
i've i've already dusted that oh really
yes are you sure you cleaned it properly
because it doesn't look very clean to me
hey what's going on here
are you my old college friends or
workers from a cleaning company
[Music]
come on put away those brooms and
detergents and let's toast the good old
days
but sarah's not here yet that's odd she
should be here by now
she said she'd be here just after lunch
that's right and she's the one who
organized this reunion
am i wrong are you talking about me no
sarah
oh don't get up so everybody ready for
the toast yeah
well actually i'm really tired
i need to lie down oh sarah don't be
hospi sports
we have been waiting for you come on
ladies
wow anne's looking more beautiful than
ever don't tell me i still think about
her
so i propose a toast yeah to our college
days together
yes and to this wonderful holiday
that's right cheers cheers
life's hard for magicians you know mike
sample recordings auditions the
performance
but never anything serious always ready
for the big break
you know paolo i think no one has
understood your talent yet
you'll see you'll be successful one day
i certainly hope so
i need to make money somehow
why don't you get a job something
until you make it as a guitarist what
would i do
working in a bank like you no that's not
for me
it's not as if there are only banks to
work in
there are other jobs you can do i know i
know
i worked in a supermarket last year what
was that like oh well
hiding up all the time and the album
clock at dawn
i did it for three months oh no
normal jobs are not for me i am an
artist
what are you talking about about work
oh by the way sarah how's your pub
coming on just a minute what was it
called
blue moon that's it you do it on purpose
don't you making things worse with that
sarcastic tone of voice
you like making fun of me you're
horrible
but what did i say what didn't you know
sarah's pop button
down two years ago the insurance hasn't
paid
they said the fire wasn't an accident
sara's
lost everything included the sense of
fun she used to have
man i really messed up i didn't know
that had happened
we we spoke at christmas but she didn't
say the pub burned down
you know what sarah's like she doesn't
like to speak
this thing this experience has really
changed her
i think this holiday will be good for
her
hey what's going on
no that's enough sandra i don't think
you need to add any more salt i really
think that ravioli are rather tasty
let's see what they think would you like
to try my ravioli
sandra says they're tasteless sure
fantastic
really good i always said you'd make
someone a great wife see
i don't did you hear that i don't think
they're very tasty i'm sorry anne but
my reviewers are a lot better than yours
i'm cooking tomorrow and we'll see who's
the best cook
oh she's always criticizing well don't
take it seriously anne
you know what santa's like competitive
by nature
okay guys let's have a chat tell me what
you've been doing since we last met
well paulo and i were talking about our
work and our hopes for the future
work work let's talk about something a
bit more interesting
roman says passionate love story things
like that
oh you for example anne have you got a
boyfriend
me why me i i've got to go to the
kitchen to check on the roast
come on don't be shy answer michelle's
question
okay well there is someone but he's not
my boyfriend
what does that mean he's my flatmate
his name's jack i've really got to go
now and check on the roast it'll be
burning
uh michelle can you come and give me a
hand and then come and tell the others
that dinner's ready
[Music]
mike mikey
hello anyone there yes what's wrong
oh you tell me hey look as if i'm
finished paul
i wasn't expecting this i thought
i'm stupid what are you talking about
what do you mean anne she's in love
with another man and i was hoping that
you know we could become more than just
good friends during this holiday
i've never stopped thinking about her
i'm an idiot
sorry paulo i have to be by myself for a
while no but
good morning sarah have you seen what a
beautiful day it is
how about i walk in the countryside and
then we can relax by the pool
i don't really feel like going out i'd
rather stay in and read
oh come on sarah don't be years old to
social self
let's have some fun together why don't
we play a trick on the guys were still
asleep
we could wake them up with a nice bucket
of cold water what a stupid trick
nothing's changed but i still love you
truly
beautiful girl with brown eyes dusting
away my
heart size that's all we needed
oh you don't understand sarah this is
poetry
this is the story of a secret love ah
poetry love tricks enough of this
nonsense
if i'd known you were all going to be so
amusing i never would have organized
this reunion
[Music]
beautiful girl we brought eyes dusting
away
oh no paulo look what a mess you've made
and by the way you didn't clean the
kitchen last night did you
come on michelle give me a hand i know
i'm sorry i can't touch that awful stuff
when are you going to get the message
i never touch that awful stuff i hate
detergents and the multinationals that
make dance
and i hate cleaning too oh come on one
holiday
what is this racket and what is going on
in here has world war three broken out
it's just started well soldier sandra's
launcher offensive but the palomical
squadron is responding well to the
attack and will defend its position to
the bitter end
stop playing around roll your sleeves up
the sooner we start working the sooner
we'll finish and we'll be able to relax
by pool
wait a minute i was just thinking of
going back to bed if i'd known what was
waiting for me i would have slept until
midday maybe we could ask
sarah to give us a hand well you must be
joking
she just asked not to be disturbed and
giving her a bad mood over the last
couple of days
well we could ask mike though oh no
i just saw him a few minutes ago i asked
him where he was going and he said he
was going to the village to buy a
newspaper
he asked me if he should do some
shopping but i told him we'd all go to
the supermarket together
later on fantastic first running up then
the shopping
just the sort of holiday that i'm
dreaming of well
it's only the four of us here let's
check jobs out
just a minute just a minute
i've got an idea
[Music]
how about you and anna having a cleaning
competition
time in here you clear one part and you
the other
yes and i can keep the time and power
provides some beautiful background music
at the end we'll see who's been the
fastest and of course
which part of the kitchen shines the
most i think it's a great idea
you and anna are always arguing about
who's the best at doing things
oh this could be the right moment to
show off your domestic skills
and the winner will be crowned queen of
housewives
what do you think um well
it's uh it's an unusual idea it's very
original but
but i'm not sure oh come on anne why not
it would be interesting oh
okay you've convinced me should we start
great so sandra you clean the sink
uh the cooker on this part of the floor
oh and you've got the oven the table
and this other part of the floor
okay okay ready
get set go sponge in hand
sandra's clean the tabs while ann is
intently sweeping the floor
now sandra is spraying the turtle onto
the cooking rings and started on the
table
time is passing by another contestant is
showing signs of fatigue
the race is open and nothing is
separating the two cleaners
those college days were so long ago
you were so clever so beautiful too
but i never forgotten you
nothing's changed i still try love you
beautiful girl with brown eyes
dusting away my heart
size
[Music]
finished incredible you both finished at
exactly the same time
come on michelle we need to decide which
is the cleanest part
[Music]
so this one well
after a considerable discussion the jury
declares that the
winner is
come on don't keep us in the dark who's
won
or you've bought one it's a dead heat
you've finished together and both parts
of the kitchen are perfectly clean
okay well maybe it's better this way
sandra
at least there'll be no arguing about
about who's better at cleaning
yeah you're right let's forget our
rivalries at least for today
come on let's shake on it okay we're
both
champion cleaners
hi sarah do you have a minute i'd like
to talk sure
um well i'd like to apologize for the
other evening
i swear i didn't do it on purpose i
didn't know anything about what had
happened at the bar
okay i'll forgive you this time
great i'm glad we've cleared up this
understanding
so tell me how did the fire start
i don't really know the lighting system
had been checked two days earlier by the
electrician
and the sprinkler system was working
fine too it had just been installed
but it didn't work how's that possible
i don't really know someone must have
thrown a cigarette on the curtains
which caught fire straight away the
whole pub burned down in a few hours
the fire brigade couldn't save the place
it all went up in flames
i wish i'd been more careful i wished
i'd checked everything more carefully
but it's not your fault sarah how could
you prevented the fire
come on you've got to pull yourself out
of this you can't spend your whole life
thinking about your problems
you used to be such a fun person life
changes us mike
we've all changed since our university
days
sure but i'd like to help you find your
old enthusiasm again
tell me how can i possibly help
well i'm not sure
you're embarrassing me you shouldn't
feel embarrassed not with me
we've always trusted each other no
what time is it 4 15.
oh no the match it's already started
you know mike we were talking just then
yeah i know i know um we'll continue our
conversation later
i've really got to watch the game now
it's a great match chelsea against
manchester united
you know that doesn't interest me in the
slightest you haven't changed mike
all you think about is football
football's the only important thing in
your life
you're exaggerating now sir and you
don't understand anything
all you care about is football maybe if
i wore a manchester united shirt you'd
pay me more attention
what did you say
[Music]
oh no paulo that's all i needed is you
with your stupid guitar i've had enough
i'm going to my room
what's wrong with her i don't think my
son's that bad
what do you think mike
i'd like to tell you i love you
paulo can i watch the game in peace and
quiet
[Music]
that's enough i'm gonna watch this
somewhere else
i can't believe it they're all mad here
[Music]
oh and at last someone who appreciates
my talent
i knew you were an expert in music
that song paulo what does it mean oh
i wrote it thanks to mag that gave me
the inspiration
do you like it oh no
mike yeah that's not possible
i don't believe it
unbelievable they are all mad in the
south
beautiful
[Music]
are you ready to order when you go to
the restaurant
the waiter and waitress will ask you
this question
when they want to take the order from
you
are you ready to order are you ready to
order
yes i'll have i'll have
you can say i'll have or i would like
to have okay yes i'll have
the lobster and squid yes
i'll have the lobster and squid imagine
you go to a seafood restaurant
the waiter or waitress asks you are you
ready to order
and then you say yes i'll have the
lobster and squid
number two would you like to eat
oysters maybe um maybe the server
can suggest some uh some food for you
okay so would you like to eat oysters
would you like to eat oysters
yes please yes please that would be
great
that would be great or no thanks
no this is remember th
and then we put your your time between
your teeth okay
thanks no thanks i'll have
some salmon i'll have some salmon
again would you like to eat oysters yes
please
that'll be great no thanks i'll have
some
salmon number three
are the scallops delicious are the
sticky
sorry other
other other scallops delicious
scallops delicious
are the scallops delicious
i want to ask that how do you
feel about this kind of food right okay
delicious or not
other scallops delicious yes
they are the yes they are
remember th you should really try them
you should really try them very
delicious very
tasty and you should try to eat them you
should eat them
okay you should really try them yes they
are you should really
sorry yes they are you should really try
them
or no or i don't think so i don't
think i don't think so they are
there they are not
um remember in this situation
uh this is they this is r but when we
link them together
we say bear
there just just like this one
there or there
the same pronunciation okay there they
are the same
so now we have there
they are not very fresh fresh
okay fresh that mean uh very new okay
they are not very fresh
wash your favorite
free time at tv
what's your favorite free time activity
i like playing
badminton i like playing badminton
do you like table
tennis do you like table tennis
do you like table tennis not
really not really i
hate it you can match them together
hate it okay not unstressed tea
okay hate it
not really i hate it did
you if you see d
the first word end with d and the second
word
uh begins with a y
you know so you can match them together
and pronounce them as the j you know the
word
job you need a word job
okay this is okay exactly the same did
you
did you have the okay remember
uh this is the v
the consonant and the vowels together
and we link them together
did you have a good weekend
did you have a good weekend did you have
a good weekend
yeah it was great yeah
it was great what
did did you the same what did you do
what did you do well i
visited okay confident
and then that was together visited us i
visited a friend
i visited a friend
on saturday and
enjoyed a birthday
party this is r okay
party on sunday
well i visited a friend on saturday
and joined enjoy the birthday party
on sunday well i visited a friend
on saturday enjoyed a birthday party
on sunday decide and
decision so we have the example
i have decided to quit
my job i have decided to quit my job
okay or you can say i have
made a decision to quit my job
decide that means make a decision
okay but make a decision is more
formal than using decided decide
so you can say so you can say
i have decided to quit my job or
i have made a decision to quit my job
he likes doing
he likes doing experiments on plants
that means he's really interested in
doing experiments
about you know plants or trees
flowers things like that
he likes doing experiments on plants
she has zabel has
has about five years teaching
experience she has about five years
teaching experience
okay so remember experiments and
experiment and experience good morning
what can i help you today yes i want to
buy a t-shirt
do you have anything in cotton yes we do
look at these i like this black one
do you have it in another design yes
how about that one it's perfect
can i try it on yeah sure
the dressing room is over there
thank you how do you feel
is it all right i'm afraid it's too big
for me
i guess so it's pretty big let me find a
smaller one for you
here you are how do you like it
it's just perfect i'll take it